Corrections in graphs queries (#149)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights: dashboards/ec2/docs/ec2_keys_detail.md

> This dashboard answers the following questions for each key pair:

Reviewer: For the file name, we should use singular, so `docs/ec2_key_pair_detail.md`.

- How is the key pair configured?
- What tags are applied?

> - What relationships does the instance have with other resources?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- What relationships does the key pair have with other resources?
```
